# June 2015

# List Appointment Blockouts (GET /appointment_blockouts)
## Response Payload changes

- effective\_from, effective\_to: are now a dates in format YYYY-MM-DD instead of a full timestamp
- start\_hour, start\_minute, end\_hour, end\_minute: removed and replaced with start\_at and end\_at
- start\_at, end\_at (outside of occurences): new fields for the start and end times of the blockout, as ISO8601 times without dates
- timezone_offset: removed to avoid confusion surrounding DST
- **occurences**: fixed a bug where the hour portions of timestamps would be wrong for Practices in time zones other than Eastern time

<br/>

# List Appointment Templates (GET /appointment_templates)
## Response Payload changes

- effective\_from, effective\_to: are now a dates in format YYYY-MM-DD instead of a full timestamp
- start\_at, end\_at (outside of occurences): are now ISO8601 times without dates
- **occurences**: fixed a bug where the hour portions of timestamps would be wrong for Practices in time zones other than Eastern time

<br/>

# List Appointment Templates By Resource (GET /appointment\_resources/:id/appointment\_templates)
## Response Payload changes

- same changes as above (GET /appointment\_templates)
- fixed bug where some fields were not being displayed in the right format

<br/>

# Show Appointment (GET /appointments/:id)
## Response Payload changes

- **preferred\_confirmation\_method**: An Appointment can now show a preferred\_confirmation\_method of **"none"**. This means that the Patient does not wish to be contacted at all. No attempts to confirm these Appointments should be made.

<br/>

# Cancel Appointment (GET /appointments/:id/cancel)
## Response changes

Some Appointments cannot be cancelled due to their status. For these cases, improvements have been made:

- The response code is now 422 instead of 500
- The response payload includes a more detailed error message, including which status on the Appointment is causing the cancellation to fail

<br/>

# Inactive Records
The API now only returns records with a status of "Active" for the following API resources:

- Visit Reasons
- Appointment Resources
- Providers

<br/>
Endpoints that "List" these resources no longer include inactive records. Attempts to "Show" an inactive resource by its ID returns 404.

<br/>

# Records Created Through The API
Previously, only Appointments created through the API were labelled in our system as having been created by that particular third party Application. We are now also labelling:

- Appointment Confirmations
- Patients

<br/>

# Document Uploads
## Increased the maximum file size restriction

- The max file size restriction has been increased to 5MB.  The previous limit was 1MB.  An HTTP 413 error code will be returned when a file greater than 5MB is attempted to be uploaded.

<br/>

# ICD-10 Support

For endpoints whose request payloads contain diagnosis codes, a field called 'icd\_indicator' may now be included with an integer value of 9 or 10. If no ICD version is specified, it will default to ICD-9. If you are passing in an ICD-10 code, you must specify "icd\_indicator": 10 in the request body. The following endpoints are affected:

- /v1/patients/clinical/fullimport/:patient\_id/create
- /v1/patients/:patient\_id/problems/create
- /v1/charge/:patient\_id/create
