# August 2015

#List Appointment Blockouts (GET /appointment_blockouts)
## Performance Improvements

- Improved response time of the API request

<br\>

#List Appointment Templates (GET /appointment_templates)
## Performance Improvements

- Improved response time of the API request

<br\>

#New Endpoint: List Appointment Confirmations (GET /appointments/:id/confirmations)
 
- New endpoint that returns a list of confirmations for a given appointment

<br\>

#Create Appointment Confirmation (POST /appointments/:id/confirmation)
## Status Returned 201

- After an appointment confirmation is created, the status returned is now 201 (Created). The endpoint previously returned 200 (OK).

<br\>

#Create Patient (POST /patients)
## Attributes
- New attributes for gender, race, marital status, language, drivers license state, employment status, ethnicity, student status. Instead of using
an internal CareCloud identifier under the attribute ```attribute_id: ""```, now a more universal identifier is used under the attribute ```attribute_code: ""```. A table listing the various attributes and options is available in the create patient documentation. If an incorrect option is posted for an attribute, the patient will still be created just without the attribute. Note that this is different from the previous behavior where a 500 Internal Server Error is returned if an incorrect option is passed for an attribute. Only the attributes listed above have changed. The original ```attribute_id``` attribute is now deprecated and support will be dropped in a later release. The original CareCloud id can be passed in the new ```attribute_code``` attribute, but this is deprecated and support will be dropped in a later release. 

<br\>

#Search Patient (POST /patients/search)
## Attributes

- The attribute ```gender_id``` has been replaced with 	```gender_code```. The ```gender_code``` attribute uses FHIR DSTU 1 (v0.0.82) administrative gender codes ([FHIR Documentation](http://www.hl7.org/FHIR/valueset-administrative-gender.html)).